chore(buildDockerAndPublishImage) cleanup code and tests (#308)
jenkins-infra/pipeline-library: vars/buildDockerAndPublishImage.txt

> Lints, Builds, Tests and eventually Deploys a Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lints, builds, tests and eventually deploys a Docker image.
```

Please reference to <a href="https://github.com/jenkins-infra/pipeline-library/blob/master/resources/io/jenkins/infra/docker/README.adoc">related documentation</a> for more details.

The following arguments are available for this function:

> - String **imageName**: (Mandatory) name of the image to built, usually referenced as the "Repository" part of a Docker image's name without any tag (Example: "builder" or "terraform").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- String **imageName**: (Mandatory) name of the image to build, usually referenced as the "Repository" part of a Docker image's name without any tag (Example: "builder" or "terraform").
```

> - String **imageName**: (Mandatory) name of the image to build, usually referenced as the "Repository" part of a Docker image's name without any tag (Example: "builder" or "terraform").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- String **imageName**: (Mandatory) name of the image to build, usually referenced as the "Repository" part of a Docker image name without any tag (Example: "builder" or "terraform").
```

> - Map **config**: (Optional) custom configuration for the image build an deploy process. The maps can holds any of the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Map **config**: (Optional) custom configuration for the image build and deploy process. The maps can holds any of the following keys:
```
(?)

> - Map **config**: (Optional) custom configuration for the image build and deploy process. The maps can holds any of the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Map **config**: (Optional) custom configuration for the image build and deploy process. This map can holds any of the following keys:
```

  * String **dockerfile**: (Optional, defaults to "Dockerfile") Relative path to the Dockerfile to use within the repository (Example: "build.dockerfile", "docker/Dockerfile").
  * String **imageDir**: (Optional, defaults to the parent directory of "Dockerfile") Path to a directory to use as build context (Example: "docker/", "python/2.7").
  * String **credentials**: (Optional, defaults to "jenkins-dockerhub") Name of the Jenkins' credentials used to authenticate on the Docker remote registry during the full build process. (Example: "internal-registry-credential").
  * String **builderImage**: (Optional, defaults to "jenkinsciinfra/builder:2.0.2") Docker Image to be used for the container "builder" of the CI pod template.

>   * String **platform**: (Optional, defaults to "linux/amd64") Name of the docker platform to use when building this image, for multiple use a comma separated list (Example: "linux/amd64,linux/arm64").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * String **platform**: (Optional, defaults to "linux/amd64") Name of the docker platform to use when building this image. For multiple platforms use a comma separated list (Example: "linux/amd64,linux/arm64").
```

>   * Boolean **automaticSemanticVersioning**: (Optional, defaults to "false") Should we create a release for every merge to the mainBranch. This uses "jx-release-version" to determine the version number based on the commit history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Boolean **automaticSemanticVersioning**: (Optional, defaults to "false") Should a release be created for every merge to the mainBranch. This uses "jx-release-version" to determine the version number based on the commit history.
```

>   * String **gitCredentials**: (Optional, defaults to "") If "automaticSemanticVersioning" is set, name of the credential to use when tagging the git repository. Support User/password or GitHub App credential types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * String **gitCredentials**: (Optional, defaults to "") If "automaticSemanticVersioning" is set, name of the credential to use when tagging the git repository. Support user/password or GitHub App credential types.
```

>   * String **nextVersionCommand** (Optional, defaults to "jx-release-version" ) If "automaticSemanticVersioning" is set, this is the command to retrieve the next version (to use for tagging and releasing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * String **nextVersionCommand** (Optional, defaults to "jx-release-version") If "automaticSemanticVersioning" is set, this is the command to retrieve the next version (to use for tagging and releasing)
```

> The Lint phase generates a report when it fails, recorded by the hadolint tool in your Jenkins instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lint phase generates a report when it fails, recorded by the hadolint tool in your Jenkins instance.
```

> The build phase adds build args that you can use in your Dockerfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build phase adds build args you can use in your Dockerfile:
```

> The build phase adds a bunch of build args that you can use in your Dockerfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build phase adds build args that you can use in your Dockerfile:
```

- **GIT_COMMIT_REV** - The commit that triggered this build
- **GIT_SCM_URL** - Url to repo

> - **BUILD_DATE** - Date that the image was built (now)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BUILD_DATE** - Date of the image build (now)
```

The test phase is only executed if a file `cst.yml` is found at the root of the repository with the "TAR" driver for security concerns.
Please reference to https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/container-structure-test.

> Publication of the Docker Image only happens when the build is triggered by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publication of the Docker image only happens when the build is triggered by:
```

> - A push event on the repository's principal branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A push event on the repository principal branch.
```

> - A tag event on the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A tag event on the repository
```

> - A push event on the repository's principal branch referenced by "config.mainBranch".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A push event on the repository's principal branch.
```
